Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining me again today.
I really appreciate it.
Let's pray tonight and we're going to seek the Lord, but I'll go over some things.
I've taken some time and was seeking the Lord, and he visited me today, specifically about the church.
And the things that he was talking to me about were very stern.
He gave me 1 Corinthians 5:5 and he talked to me about the ministers of the church around the world and what's about to take place to the ones that will not listen, that have not proclaimed that Jesus Christ is coming and there's no urgency behind the pulpit.
He talked to me about 1 Corinthians 5:5; he gave me the verse specifically for the church.
And he talked to me about mega ministers that he's come to them, and they have lots of fame, lots of money, lots of status, and clout—whatever you say—all these people follow them.
And he said, 'I've come to them and I've told them to preach certain messages and I've told them to tell my people that I'm coming, and they've turned a stiff neck toward me and they keep going the direction that they want to go.
But I'm out of time.
I'm out of time, Brandon.
This dispensation of grace, this era, this season that we've been in is coming to an end.
The Great Tribulation is right upon us.
And I desire that no man should perish but all come to repentance.
And because they have not listened, because they've not obeyed what I've asked them to do, seedtime and harvest is now accelerated.
And whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
' He said, 'Brandon, I did not do what's about to happen.
I took my hand off.
' You can read that scripture in just a second.
What was I saying?
Acceleration of seedtime and harvest.
And because of this, what you're about to see is a great shaking in my church.
He said 2025 was a year of grace for warnings of what I've spoken and said over and over again.
This will not catch them unaware.
This will not catch them with their eyes closed.
They know; they've been warned.
And what you're about to see in the church is what I've been talking about, what the Lord has had me say over and over again to a lot of the elders.
And he said, 'Brandon, I'll use you if you say the hard things, and I'm going to say the hard things.
' And he said to me, 'A lot of these mega pastors that have multiple campuses and large congregations, I've wanted them to say certain things and warn my people that I'm coming and have an urgency behind the pulpit of my soon return, but they still do not.
Their head is in the sand.
Their eyes are closed to what's going on around them.
It's money-based; it's fame-based.
It's keeping the status quo because you don't want to lose your congregation if you preach a hard word about the Tribulation or the end times.
So, you don't warn the people.
You don't tell them what's coming.
' So I saw 1 Corinthians 5:5.
He said, 'I'll hand them over so that they don't burn in hell.
They'll be shaken on this earth, but they'll be greatly tried in the days ahead.
And you'll see ministers be greatly tried.
' And he showed me specific ones—and I'll not say their names—but he told me these specific ministers.
And he said, 'These men that you're seeing, these are the ones that will be at the forefront.
' But he said, 'Brandon, it's a wake-up call for all my church, not just for the ones that are behind the pulpit, but for the whole church.
It's a cleaning of the house.
It's separating the wheat from the tares.
It's getting the bride ready for what's about to take place.
' And he said, 'I want you to pray into 2026.
I want you to intercede into 2026.
' I have had these visitations.
I'm telling you, Diana has her phone full of words that he'll download about 2026 and 2027, but finishing this year and what he is requiring of his church and what he wants for us to do to bring in the lost.
And it was a great shaking inside of me.
I tell you that much.
I repented.
I said, 'My goodness, Lord, am I there?
' Always realizing that he could use anybody—it's not just about me or Diana or our platform that God has given us—but being co-laborers with Christ, doing this with him and attract to deflect, staying vertical.
I realize that there's a lot of demon-possessed people that follow me.
I realize there's a lot of people that would try to be a distraction.
And the Lord said, 'Brandon, there are a lot of demon-possessed people that need to be free.
' And I don't say that laughing; it's serious.
But there's a lot of it that the Lord has warned me about: the distractions and staying on course.
Staying vertical; don't go horizontal.
You must stay vertical for what's about to take place.
And he talked to me about certain key political figures that will not be here very much longer.
He talked to me about many 9/11s, and he emphasized the word 'many'.
Small but many, many 9/11s.
And there were people who said, 'What about Kim?
' He said, 'There will be no more 9/11s.
There'll be nothing like that.
' You know what?
I can't go by what the Lord told Kim.
I go by what the Lord told me.
And just like whenever the prophet went before the king and said, 'You are about to die,' but then he repented and he gave him 15 more years.
There's things that change in the spirit realm, doors that are open in the spirit realm.
Do you understand?
Because of a people that have turned their back on God, that have voted in people that are not godly, that are standing for abominations to the Bible.
So words are altered and changed just like they were in the Bible.
Do you understand?
And the Lord said to me, 'There is a different path.
There are things that have changed in the spirit realm.
And there are many 9/11s.
There are many shakings coming,' and that's whenever he warned me that it will not be all of them all at the same time on the same day.
Some of them will be, but they'll be back-to-back to create instability and fear so that you don't want to live a normal life, that you second-guess the freedoms that you have.
And that's why they said it would be a flex even in Hawaii, on Oahu, Hawaii, that there's a group there that would try to have a flex, that they even infiltrated our islands.
And the Lord said, 'You must pray to always be in the right place at the right time, listening to me, praying and seeking my face on a daily basis.
' And like I said, I don't come on here to stir up fear.
I come on here to have an urgency to pray.
And we saw the eight.
I said, 'I see the seven, but there's one standing out.
' He wasn't a Democrat.
That's what I learned.
He was an independent and he voted with them.
We give all the glory to Jesus because we all know that he's the potter and we're the clay.
And how many people tell you, 'Oh, how awesome!
You can see, you can hear.
' But what was the rest of the message the same night?
It was a warning to the church.
It was a warning to the people about a major event in Times Square.
John Lennon's song is about communism.
Who got voted in?
Socialism.
Imagine by John Lennon is a socialist song.
But look who got voted in.
Not everything is always black and white when the Lord gives me a message.
It's a type and shadow.
The Lord's trying to tell you just to look into it; it's symbolic.
What he is saying is that there's a flash.
I saw that man on the stage, but I never told you.
There are things that I'll never reveal, but I see these things when the flash took place.
When you see in part, you hear in part, and I try to warn you about the other things.
I've seen many attacks, lone wolf attacks, a 'Red Dawn' experience.
Watch Cuba.
Watch Ukraine.
The Lord said, 'You heard right.
It was 15 million.
' Remember I said there was $15 million that was allocated that we're messing with?
I was praying and he said it was right: 15 million, not 15 billion.
15 million is easier to hide when it comes to a trillion-dollar budget.
15 million is much easier to hide.
You can mess around with 15 million when you have trillions.
When you're pushing for a lot of corruption, 15 million is really easy to hide.
When you're dealing with billions, there's a lot of slush funds that people don't realize where that money goes, but it's for biological weapons.
Biological—there's a lot there.
And remember I told you I saw 24 billion in a strategic account when Biden was in power.
I saw 24 billion and it was being manipulated and put into secret accounts around the world.
Do you remember that?
I said they were using it and they'll use it for funding their campaigns in the future.
They know a storm is coming.
Many of them know a storm is coming, and the same thing with all these people getting stuck on Atlas.
I told you all Atlas will become nothing watching the days ahead.
It will become nothing.
I've prayed over this, but there's another thing that will be what Oral Roberts saw looking at Atlas.
I see Atlas, but as I'm looking at it, I'm looking at this thing and the Lord says, 'This is not what you're looking for.
' There's something else bigger coming that will shake the world and it will be a sign of my Son's return.
There will be fearful sights that you will see that will bring you to your knees.
For man's hearts will fail them for fear, looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
And that's what we're about to see.
And he talked to me today more about the five shakings again: there'll be a shaking in politics, there'll be a shaking in the earth's crust, there'll be a shaking in the heavens, there'll be a shaking in the finances, and there'll be a shaking in my church.
And there'll be shakings to the point where they'll all happen like labor pains upon a woman—back-to-back events happening all the time.
Finances?
'The sky is falling.
' Politics?
People are saying, 'What's going on?
' with what we see with the standoff.
But the Lord said, 'I want you to pray into 2026 and I'll reveal things to you.
' I started interceding and I saw the budget.
I've warned you about Trump walking a pig that had makeup on, and it was the housing market.
And as he was walking the pig and parading the pig, this new idea, the housing market started to go up.
People were excited about this new pig idea, but a pig's still a pig; it's not good.
And he comes out after I gave this word with a 50-year mortgage.
50-year mortgage!
Oh, what a deal that is; you'll pay on your house for your whole life.
I'm not trying to criticize because I know he watches, but it's just truth, sir: it's a pig.
I just have to be bold and tell you the truth; it's a pig.
And the Lord said the 50-year mortgage is not a good deal for the people.
You'll pay interest for three times what that house is worth over the 50 years.
So if you borrow a million dollars on a home, on the average house in California, you're going to pay over $5 million on that house if at 7% interest—or whatever it is—you'll pay over $5 million over 50 years.
That's a terrible deal.
But I believe it will pass and people will get this going, and the banks will do this because I saw him walking in the housing market, remember?
And it was transparent; it wasn't solid.
And I saw, come January in the next two months, there was some kind of something coming, and he had a golden quill in his hand, and it looked like something like the Declaration of Independence.
There was something that he's about to sign.
I saw this timeframe.
Now, what year is it?
That's what you have to know.
When you're seeing in part, hearing in part, you don't always know what year it is, but you know it's coming.
People wanted to know about the hollyberry bush: 'Brandon, is this the year of the major hollyberry bush, the red when the angel came to you and talked to you?
' I remember.
It was a life-exchanging experience with the Lord.
I remember everything.
The angel came to me and put his hands on my lips and he said, 'Brandon, you must be still.
They're not dead yet.
They can't handle it.
' I said, 'Well, I want to tell them about the investments which you've given me.
' And he said, 'They're not dead yet; you must be still.
' And he said, 'Watch the hollyberry bush,' remember?
And it was turning red, and the berries are red, and it was about the timeframe that a major crash would take place.
And I saw the snowfall.
I saw an Aston Martin in the driveway.
There were things that the Lord showed me specifically, but I wrote on the copper pot that was tempered—it was all tattered and beat up—and I wrote a name.
And I can't do that because everyone goes, 'You're trying to write the name!
I know what you're writing!
' No, I'm not telling you what it is, because the Lord said 'no' and the angel said, 'Shh.
' But I'm telling you, I saw in this timeframe, it was during the winter months, I saw a major crash.
Is it this year?
No, I don't believe it's this year.
Do I believe it's because there's a lot of people who think that the economic crisis is coming?
The Lord said, 'I'm giving you a window.
' This is my opinion.
So if we go into a deep depression in January, you can't sit there and say, 'Well, you told us it was going to be great times.
' That is in my opinion what the Holy Spirit told me, and I come on here and I pray with you and I tell you what I feel like the Lord's telling me.
If it's wrong, I apologize; I'm human.
But I tell you by what I feel in my spirit.
It's me getting a perfect message from an imperfect vessel.
I'm only perfected by his blood, and it's coming through a pipe that sometimes has stuff in it.
I might have had a bad day, you know?
And people say, 'Well, that's not like the people in the Bible.
' And Brandon, I never claimed to be a prophet; never did.
People try to label me that all the time.
Watch me; I tell you, I'm here to pray.
The Lord said, 'You're called to intercede.
Pray for the nations, Brandon.
' And I do.
And he said, 'I'll show you what's to come and you can pray for it.
' So I do the best I can.
I saw that angel coming to me and telling me that.
He said, 'And then I've warned you about a major shaking of the finances.
I warned you about all these things, but the Lord said, "I'm giving you a window.
"' And a wave that's transparent will happen.
And I saw it come, and it was at the beginning of the year.
And a wave came and the finances were there.
And great blessing was on the body of Christ for a window of time.
It didn't last very long; the wave didn't last very long.
And as the ground was gold—all on the gold was about that much—he said, 'Fill your pockets.
Fill your pockets.
For there's not much there, but it's enough to get you in the overflow for what's coming, for a great storm is coming.
' A great storm is coming, and he still talks about that storm almost every day, warning me, keeping me on track, praying in the spirit.
So, this is what I have for you today.
I saw a major political figure in Israel be taken out.
It will shake the nation.
I saw old faces coming back because of this man.
A great shaking is coming.
The Lord said the third temple will be negotiated soon.
There will be an acceleration of things in Israel with my people.
But I can't say that word.
He said, 'Be still no more.
' You know, when you're on live and I have to watch what I say.
The Lord said there will be things that I tell you from now on that you're not going to be able to talk about everything anymore.
But we must pray now for Black Friday, specifically about the Mall of America and the Atlanta airport.
You can have a list of things to pray for; the Mall of America and Atlanta are very serious, especially the airport.
New Year's Eve, of course, Times Square.
Do you know where the two men stand in Times Square on CNN?
They stand on a platform, but their backs are facing the ball on this side.
Can you tell me their names, please, son?
He works for CNN, and the other guy is from Bravo.
It doesn't matter; they're gay.
This is Anderson Cooper and Andy Cohen, whatever his name is.
Over on this side, there's a building right here.
Midway up, there is something that happens in that building.
There is a flash, a light that will come from there if we don't pray.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, that's a cop-out.
' No, I'm telling you what I see in these visions.
But I saw a flash.
What year?
I don't know.
Because of that man—do you know who I'm talking about?
The guy that just won.
The man that just won—oh, Mayor Mamdani.
If he stands on the platform in January—this is the timeframe because he was standing on the platform greeting the people.
He was there when this flash took place.
So if he's there in January, we really pray about this.
But if it's next year, I don't know.
I see sometimes years in advance; sometimes I see it right in front of your face.
This is seeing in part and hearing in part, but I saw his face.
He's the one that pushes down the thing that makes the ball go, and as they sing that song, that flash took place.
Now, why would the Muslim Brotherhood want to take out a Muslim?
I don't know.
That's why I don't understand everything I see, but I saw his face.
Maybe it's not Braden because I saw Ukraine.
What if it's not terrorists like that?
Do you understand?
I see in part.
Do you remember I said I saw an arrow go to Ukraine, back to Russia, and back like this?
I thought about that when I just said that.
I piece everything together in my natural mind, which is often dangerous because you shouldn't add to or take away from anything the Lord shows you.
But you try to make sense of it.
I start going, 'Well, Lord, why would they try to hurt their own?
' But what if it's not terrorists?
Because I saw Ukraine and I saw an arrow pointing to Ukraine and Russia.
As I saw Israel, I saw an old face coming back that was very liberal.
He had an agenda to bring forth the Antichrist as quickly as possible and to run with this to bring forth the end times.
What else was the Lord telling me about the man in Hawaii?
He told you about the harvest that they're trying to modify.
We talked about the seeds, and he said there'll be a year shortly where all your crops—farmers—will not produce because of a genetically modified seed for a certain crop.
I believe it looked like corn or wheat, but he said there would be no harvest that year in America and around the world because a lot of the seeds being planted were tainted.
It's supposed to be a more hearty seed, but it will not produce that year and it will cause famine because the seed was manipulated.
What God has made is perfect.
Man thinks he can take AI and create a super-seed that produces better, is more hearty, and doesn't die as easily.
The poop they'll feed you.
But whenever this happens, I saw a seed that will not produce for a whole entire year.
There'll be nothing because they messed with nature.
I saw superstorms again.
I saw weather manipulation and weather warfare—governments manipulating warfare with weather.
They will use it with things like HAARP to create superstorms in the days ahead.
Sometimes you have major hurricanes and tornado seasons, and sometimes we have nothing.
It's by design.
Jamaica was a test; it was altered.
The storm was a Category 5 and it was manipulated.
They will continue to do this and use it for war.
It will look so innocent, but many people will lose their lives because of it.
Remember what the Lord said: as they try to gain control, they will lose control.
They'll make storms that they lose control over, causing great devastation.
It wasn't supposed to be that big, but they'll lose control because they're playing with things they have no business playing with.
I saw great rain in areas and great drought.
I saw snowstorms that will bury houses and cars.
It will be massive.
He even said Buffalo and major areas up East.
I saw winter storms with 100 mph wind gusts and nor'easters, bad storms.
So we pray over that because I saw people who couldn't get out of their houses.
I saw ice storms that went from Oklahoma all the way up, crippling ice storms.
People lost power for a long time because the purple was so deep.
It was an ice storm that was terrible and went clear up through Arkansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky.
It was different shades of pink, purple, and black.
Major ice storms—they will be a thousand miles long.
You say, 'Well, Brandon, you said a thousand miles long.
' The Lord said 1 Corinthians 5:5.
That's what you need to pay attention to right now.
1 Corinthians 5:5.
That's what's coming: a major shaking to awaken, but a glorious church will rise.
A lot of you are asleep.
But he started talking about being the co-laborers in Christ.
He said, 'Brandon, you're co-laborers with me.
Don't you get it?
' It's like a little toddler holding your daddy's hammer.
It's like Braden is a little boy.
"Hey, carry the hammer.
" You really don't need him to carry the hammer, but he is just a part of it because he's your child.
"Hey, hold the fishing pole, buddy.
" So you hold the fishing pole and, really, he's not big enough to reel in that big catfish.
He's up there and he's trying real hard, but you're the one with your hands on his, and you're reeling in that fish together.
He's reeling in the fish together because you have God has His hand on yours; you're co-laborers.
As He is, so are you in this world, and you're calling those things that be not as though they were.
Romans, I believe, calling those things that be not as though they were.
We're calling those things, and your co-laborers and you're reeling in the fish.
He really doesn't need you, just as much as a toddler doesn't need Daddy.
I mean, as much as the toddler thinks he's in charge and he's reeling in the fish.
Do you get what I'm saying?
You have a hold of that pole and the daddy's up there and he's reeling it in.
But that little boy thinks, "Oh, I had a part in this," but the dad's just doing it because he's a good dad.
That's the way it is with our Father.
He's God of everything.
He's over everything, you understand?
But we're co-laborers.
We're a part.
He just has His hand on ours; He's helping reel in that fish.
And He's saying, "Good job, buddy.
You did it.
" But it's the anointing in you that breaks the yoke, but it's all His.
He's sufficient.
It's everything.
It's all His, do you understand?
Without Him, we can do nothing.
"Apart from Me, you can do nothing.
" That's what Jesus said.
"Apart from Him, I can do nothing.
" But His hand is on my fishing pole.
That's the way He showed it to me today.
He said, "Apart from Me, you can do nothing, Brandon.
You can't see nothing.
You are nothing without Me.
" Never forget that.
I was out and I was blowing the leaves.
Boy, the leaves are falling.
We have a lot of oak trees and stuff.
And the leaves were falling, and I said, "Lord, I don't know how I can keep doing this channel, all the things that You've asked me to do.
" He said, "Always remember that apart from Me, you can do nothing.
Always remember the statement you just said, that you are depending on Me.
" We're co-laborers.
I'm dependent on Him just to do this channel every single time I come on here and talk with y'all.
I can do nothing without Him.
I can't make the gift happen.
When you all show up, 6,500 of you want to know what's coming next, I don't know.
I'm a vessel.
I decrease, He increases.
I'm on His potter's wheel.
And that's why I try to tell you, He uses a lot of you knuckleheads to try to send the emails probably to buffet my flesh, because I got a lot of haters.
I got a lot of people who like me, but He said the same people who, just like they said to Brandon, "Hosanna in the highest," they were throwing the palm leaves down before me and they were excited about my coming, were the same ones that were saying "crucify Him" a couple days later.
People's opinions will change like the water, like the wind, like the waves.
It changes all the time.
Tides come and they go.
But what I'm trying to tell you is, that's what He told me about you all.
He goes, "They'll be liking you in one moment, but I give you a hard word and they're going to hate you.
" But He said, "Always remain the same and do what I ask you to do.
" So that's what we do tonight.
So let's take communion and let's pray together.
Who wants to go tubing?
That was what I had.
Was it okay?
Did y'all get anything out of that?
I tried to do a little recap.
I hadn't done a video in two days.
I needed some time, and I seek Him.
His hand is on my hand.
I'm a glove and He fills the glove.
I'm a glove and He fills the glove, and whenever He fills the glove, life comes into the glove.
When He fills the glove, the glory comes into the glove.
That's the way He described it to me when He visited me.
He said, "My hand comes into you, your glove, and I operate.
But apart from Me, you can do nothing.
The glove is useless and lifeless without the Lord.
" He says, "As soon as I put My hand into that glove, supernatural power comes on you and you're able to pick things up.
" Right?
Metaphor.
The glory comes.
I'm able to turn the pages in the Bible.
I'm able to do things with the glove when the hand's in the glove.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us.
And we thank You, Lord, for all that You've showed us.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of You and not of us.
We bind the devil off of this prayer time, Father.
And I thank You, Lord, that as He is, so are we in this world.
And we apply the blood of Jesus.
And we thank You, Lord, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force, we plead the blood of Jesus over every single one of us.
And we thank You, Lord, for Your mighty hand on this household, Father, over my finances, over my wife, my children, over all of us, that as He is, so are we in this world.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
By Your stripes, we're healed.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
Hey, you know what?
Go.
Is your mom ready?
Because I wanted her to pray with me.
I'll let her take communion with me and she can pray.
I'm going to bring in Diana so she can pray.
I did the first half, and then I let her do what she was doing.
And then I've been drinking my smoothies.
I don't like these, but I get these from Tropical Smoothie Cafe, and I get the greens and it's like baby food.
But the Lord told me to take care of myself more.
I just go, "Isn't it funny how things that taste really bad are so good for you?
" I mean, really, greens are gross.
Is she coming?
Yeah.
Okay, move it back so she can stand up and come pray with us.
Sorry for the delay.
We had—we're at halftime.
Well, not really even halftime, because I'm going to pray for Diana for about an hour, but halftime for you all, I guess, for intermission, a few moments later.
We need the background music, you know, "We'll be back.
" Oh, our sponsor.
I can tell you this.
Can I say that?
There is going to be an exposing of an adulterous affair that lasted two years prior, and a lot of people will be very disappointed.
There'll be an adulterous affair uncovered in the days ahead that lasted for two years, and many people will be disappointed.
But it will not derail everything.
A great scandal.
Come on.
Let me get—you want me to get out, or you want to crawl over?
Oh, I can just do this.
I'll keep your shirt down.
Sorry.
There you go.
Welcome.
Hi.
Welcome to the forest.
Where are we at today, son?
I forgot.
Huh?
Wait.
Are we at the zoo?
Are we at the beach?
Where are we?
Here, you can read First Corinthians 5:5 if you want.
All right, let's pray.
Will you take communion with me for a minute?
Oh, Father.
Okay, and going to verse four, the verse before, it says, "In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ...
" Speak loud.
Sorry, let me see.
"In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when you are gathered together, along with my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ, deliver such a one to Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that his spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
" So because they are stiff-necked and they're not listening, He would rather them go through a little bit of something and refine them so that they don't go to hell forever.
That's the way—I just said that's just real simple terms, right?
Yes.
So Father, we just thank You, Father, for Your word.
We thank You for Your body.
We thank You, Lord, for how good You are.
Thank You, Father, for all that You've done.
We thank You, Lord, for passing the budget.
We thank You.
What are you looking for, love?
Oh, I was just looking up.
If you want me to read it in the Amplified, but that's fine.
Let's just pray.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We thank you for the body.
And we take this, Father, in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
By your stripes, we are healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
And we take the body and we believe, Father, that we receive your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
Healed and whole and well by your stripes, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, that Christ be for us.
Who can be against us?
We're healed and whole and well in Jesus' name, and that as he is, so are we in this world, and we take this body in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for your body.
Lord, we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us, and we apply the blood.
Thank you, Father, for the blood that never loses its power.
It never loses its power.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you dwell on the inside, that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
Father, if there's anything you want to show us tonight, if there's anything that we need to see, I plead the blood of Jesus over my eyes.
Over my eyes, Father, my spiritual eyes, and I cover me in the blood.
And we put angels all around us.
Father, we put angels all around us that the angels of the Lord are camping around and about us, Father.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you for the blood.
We thank you, Father, for how good you've been to us.
And we thank you for angels' aid and assistance.
We thank you for the angels, Father.
We thank you for the angels.
We thank you, Father, for the angels that they bear us up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against the stone.
That we're always in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've asked us to do.
We apply the blood.
I apply the blood.
I apply the blood over Diana, over me and my wife and my children.
And we thank you, Lord, that the hand of the Lord is upon us.
That the name of the Lord is a strong tower and the righteous run into it and they are safe.
We plead the blood.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord.
We confess our sins now and we know, Father, that you're faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness, and we take the blood and we thank you, Lord, that we apply it to those, and we are free.
We're healed and whole and well.
We walk in divine health and we thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
Well, that one's kind of trying to stick to the bottom of it.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we make much of the blood.
We want to apply the blood.
Good.
Here, read some of those scriptures.
I feel we need to read more word tonight.
Hebrews 9:11 and 14.
But Christ being come a high priest of good things to come by a greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building, neither by the blood of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.
For if the blood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of a heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh, how much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself without spot to God, purge your conscience from dead works to serve the living God.
That's really good.
That's a plop and stop.
That's what we just did with the blood.
And then 1 John 1:7.
But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another, and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sin.
It cleanses us.
And the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin.
That's why people are more focused on their sin, but look at what Jesus did.
He paid the price for you to walk in victory over it.
We don't have to have bondage.
There were so many people that said they had problems with pornography, they had problems with drugs, they had problems with alcohol, and said as he is so are we in this world.
That's why I said in Romans, call those things that be not as though they were.
I'm free.
Calling those things that be not as though they were.
I am free from whatever it may be.
I am free for whom the son has set free is free indeed.
I call those things that be not as though they were.
I am free from cigarettes.
I am free from alcohol.
I am free from drugs.
I'm calling those things that be not as though they were.
So that's what you have to do when all there is to do is stand.
Stand therefore.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm not moved by anything but what the word of God says.
And if Christ be for me, who can be against me?
You have more?
I don't know.
I try to find some things to stir myself up.
Whenever you feel it inside, you've got to have you.
It says, 'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, ask what you will and it shall be done.
' But his word has to be abiding and remaining in you first.
You have to have a foundation of the word of God inside of your heart before you start praying.
And why would you do that?
Because I'm trying to demonstrate.
I realize when you're dealing with so many people from all ways of life all around, I have Catholics, I have all kinds of people, Baptist, Methodist, and none of them really are taught how to pray like this.
So I'm trying to teach you by demonstration: divine word that pertains to what you're believing for.
Find scripture.
If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
But if you say, 'Well, what scripture are you standing on?
' 'Well, nothing in particular.
' Then you're not going to get anything in particular.
Then you're going to keep walking around the mountain.
Prayer needs backing by scripture.
word-backed prayers.
He knows what you have need of before you even ask.
So when we go to him tonight and we're praying over our nation, when we pray over our president, when we pray over these things, we're not in fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
Not allowing fear to dominate us because perfect love casteth out all fear.
No matter if I see political figures being taken out, people having affairs, all these things happening, it causes fear in the hearts.
But I had someone send me stuff.
Well, Brandon, as a seer, you can't let that on the inside of you.
I don't.
As soon as I get done with this, I put it on the shelf.
I don't even think about it very much.
I see a lot but I don't allow it to enter in to dominate my thought life.
I let the word of God dominate it and I tell you what I see as a watchman.
It's my job.
But I don't allow the fear of it.
If I focus on the plague and what the Lord has showed us concerning the plague going into praying over fall...
Okay, listen.
I keep telling y'all about this major plague, another plague, but it doesn't happen until November and December of a year.
But I keep praying into 2027 and 2028: January, February, March, April, May.
I saw these months highlighted and they were the boldest.
And he said the plague will be the strongest from January to May.
The most of the people that pass away will be from January to May.
You'll start to hear about it in November and it will really start to kick off in December of that year.
What the Lord showed me was it will start in Europe with rats—rats from a lab that will be released like the bubonic plague through AI technology.
It was spliced with AI and it was released in key places and it spread; it happened to the animals as well as the humans.
I even saw a plague coming on the cows, and they said there's a beef shortage coming and there's no food for the beef.
But the Lord said, 'It's not all beef; there's nothing wrong with the beef.
' But people were eliminating cows.
Homegrown beef became very expensive.
If you had your own organic farm, it became very expensive for cows.
Father, we just thank you.
Can I put this down now?
I don't like holding the microphone; it's awkward, isn't it?
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Father.
He said, 'Bring up the gardens.
' It's the same with the gardens.
I saw it right then when I was praying.
I was looking over tower gardens and saw them again.
We have two of them, tower gardens.
They produce five pounds of vegetables a week per tower garden, and it's something that will even produce in the winter.
There are certain things that the Lord has talked to me about.
You always eat vegetables and fruits, right?
You're supposed to, at least like these smoothies.
You can grind it up in a blender and drink it.
What a treat, but it'll keep you alive.
But okay, so did you see what the man from China said, that they want to take and genetically modify?
The Lord says, 'Stay on track.
' Father, I thank you, Lord.
Yep, His heart tonight is about the plague.
Do you understand?
I can see it.
He's talking about the plague.
He's talking about times of sternness, times of shaking.
You all can help me pray into this; there's a lot here.
This is deep.
There'll be people that try to resist it and people that try to stay open.
There'll be people that say, 'Not this time.
We'll stay open.
' But this virus—never have I designed you for fear.
Never have I designed you to worry.
I said, 'Cast your care.
' Now you have to give me a drink.
He's never designed us to take the care, or have worry about anything, or have any anxiety about anything.
He said, 'Cast your care.
' But He's warning you of that which is to come according to His word.
Matthew 24: plagues, pestilence—there'll be these things in the end times, for these are the beginning of sorrows.
The world has not seen what's about to take place.
Many will say this is about the tribulation; this is before the tribulation.
This is the beginning of sorrows.
This is what He is talking about.
But my sons and my daughters, they'll walk in authority.
They'll walk in the light, staying focused on me.
Keeping your eyes on me, for great sorrow is ready to begin.
You have to learn your authority.
He just said you're going to have to know your authority, and then you'll know.
And then you'll go in the great flow of my presence.
They're coming in hot; the people are coming in hot, the greatest harvest of souls.
This is a breathing on the word.
You'll see Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 come alive to you.
A revelation knowledge of my word concerning Psalms 23 and Psalms 91 will become alive to you.
A Rhema word.
The authority of the believer.
Walking in your authority.
Pass the test.
There'll be five major shakings happening all at once: the birthing pains of My Son's return.
You'll see them all at once: labor pains.
I will show the things you know.
And the church will rise and the great fire will burn inside.
The great war will accelerate from shore to shore.
Making the most of this time.
Tsunami waves will come.
A shaking.
You will see a shaking.
And they will come.
Oh, the greatest glory, the greatest outpouring of my Son, the greatest outpouring of the church.
You will see the greatest manifestation on Earth for the greatest harvest of souls.
Everything will change within a day.
Never has He designed us to be afraid of anything.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
Fear has torment, and he that feareth is not made perfect in love.
I know my Father loves me.
You must know, no matter what you see in the days ahead, no matter what you experience, my Father loves me.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
I refuse to fear.
In the very face of adversity, challenge, or death, I refuse to fear.
My Father said He gives His angels charge over me to bear me up in their hands, lest we dash our foot against a stone.
Period.
I believe as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord regardless of where we are in these end times: the shaking, the plagues, the viruses, the wars, the rumors of wars, the earthquakes, the tornadoes, and superstorms.
I refuse to fear.
I have authority.
As He is, so are we in this world.
And if He is in me, I can speak to the storm.
He said, 'Peace, be still' to the storm, and it will part around me.
You either know who you are or you're a believing believer for what's coming, or you're going to get eaten by the devourer.
You must know who you are and walk in the authority of the believer for what's coming.
There's no more church as usual; it's church unusual.
We're about to see things we've never seen before.
And I'm here to tell you as loud as I can: you better get your house in order.
You better get your foundation of the Word of God inside of your spirit, knowing who you are in Christ, or the devourer will eat you.
We may see you on the other side, and I'll say, 'Well, at least you made it.
' But we're to live long and finish strong.
Be the salt.
Don't lose your saltiness.
We must remain salty in these days ahead, for it is the salt that causes them to thirst.
Let the glory of the Lord rise on you; arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
You better be assured.
You better have a foundation inside that you're sure of.
I'm fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform it.
He's a healer, my deliverer, and my provider.
He'll take care of me in famines, pestilence, and plagues.
He'll take care of me.
You can store up all the food you want, your garage full of food, but then what?
You better know your authority.
If God takes care of the lilies of the field and the sparrows of the air, how much more will He take care of us?
You must have confidence that my Father loves me.
I'm hearing this by the spirit of God as I'm telling you: you must have confidence.
I'm fully persuaded my Father loves me.
He'll provide for me.
He will watch over me.
He will take care of me.
Though a thousand should fall at my side and 10,000 at my right hand, it shall not come nigh me.
As the storm winds blow, I thank you, Lord, that you're watching over me.
I know I'm not just talking about America, folks; I'm talking to Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Africa, Europe, and all around the world—South America.
People say, "Well, it's all about America.
" You are mistaken; it's not about America.
It's Western thinking.
You're too busy thinking with too much Western thinking.
I'm telling you, God's bringing a revival to Asia and South America, to Brazil.
A major harvest of souls is coming throughout the whole world.
He said, "North Korea will be saved.
I'm going to visit North Korea.
" People go, "Well, how is that possible?
" He said, "I'm going to deal with little Kim.
I'm going to deal with his tyrant sister.
I'm going to deal with these people and I'm going to give you a window of opportunity.
He'll suddenly be gone, and I will deal with him and his sister.
I'm going to give you a window of opportunity, and the people will flood that nation.
The military will rise up and try to stop it, but I saw a fire burning like a wildfire from all across Asia.
And the glory of the Lord was on that fire.
It wasn't a normal fire; it was the Holy Ghost and fire.
And it spread throughout Asia, South Korea, North Korea, Japan, China, Vietnam, and all the Middle East.
It spread like Holy Ghost and fire, but it was not a normal fire like a brush fire.
We see the Holy Ghost and fire, and it was the glory of the Lord.
People were getting healed, with demonstrations and manifestations of the glory.
It spread throughout Iran and these places, and there was nothing the government could do to stop it.
The glory of the Lord goes all throughout Africa and South America.
But it's a quick work.
"Well, this is going to last for a long time, Braden.
" No, it was a quick work; it didn't last very long.
The glorious church rose quick.
He said, "I have to make it a quick work because people's attention span is not very long.
It's very short.
It's like Charlie Kirk—people forget about that really quick.
" We talk about it being really big for a couple of weeks, and then it fades away.
It hits the media every once in a while, but for the most part, it's like a wave; it comes in and retreats.
The glory of the Lord will be a major wave, and it will happen quickly, suddenly.
And He said, "I wish that none should perish, but all come to repentance.
" I said, "Keep praying.
" I talk too much, but I tell you what He says to me: " no more.
" For there will be glory events, not sporting events.
I've said this once.
He said there'll be glory events, not just sporting events—glory domes, glory domes.
The soldier man.
Trouble in Panama, the canal.
Trouble in Panama.
What is that about down there concerning the trafficking?
The Panama Canal drug trade routes concerning China.
Oh, Venezuela, an escalation of things in Venezuela.
Just like it was with Iraq and Saddam, an overthrowing of a power.
I see an overthrowing of power, of a dictator with the slick hair.
It's the same like Gaddafi.
Who's this man?
I hear the word Gaddafi.
A removing of a tyrant to have revival within it.
You'll see Putin coming to the aid of Venezuela.
This could be a powder keg for a greater escalation of war.
I see TNT barrels like on those cartoons, and it says TNT.
It's exploding, and there's a fuse and a match, and the fuse is getting shorter and shorter concerning Venezuela, and Russia is a part of this.
They want to extend the olive branch of peace to BRICS.
This is not innocent on our part, and an escalation.
It's about the oil.
I hear oil.
We must put a kink in the hose.
I see a kink in a water hose for strategic allies concerning Putin.
And this is concerning a darkness upon Cuba, for the electric grid.
I see problems with the infrastructure and the electric grid by design.
Cyberattacks because they're getting out of line.
Cracking of a whip.
But the traffickers and the MS-13, there's gang lords.
I see these gang lords in this, and there's Santeria.
There's great witchcraft wrapped into this.
I see it with the candles, with great gang lords and drug smugglers.
They're using them.
That's dark.
Cuba.
No, this is demonic religion there; it's a stronghold.
But God wants to bring a great river of His presence there and bring revival all over Cuba.
Remember the Cuban Missile Crisis?
Don't forget the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Trump, Russia, old alliances, old friendships.
I see a darkness on Cuba.
It's dated already, so it's not hard for the infrastructure of their grid.
It's old things.
I see an extension cord from Russia to Cuba, and it's under the water.
This is symbolic.
It's a black cord, looks like an internet cord, a secret cord in the water.
And this is concerning Venezuela, my son.
The woman in Mexico—there's so much corruption in so many governments all around.
"How you got in power in the first place.
" I see it.
But there's keys to her, to Venezuela, and it goes from Venezuela to her to Cuba.
And they traffic the people through these tunnels, and the drugs come up through their tunnels.
Great corruption in the Hispanic government.
And yes, it's Claudia.
Remember this, though: it will be concerning Venezuela like an Iraq.
Venezuela will be like an Iraq.
If it keeps going this way, Venezuela will be like Iraq.
That's what I keep hearing.
But Russia will step in, other nations, little Kim, because they all have a plan.
That's why I told you they're holding their cards, waiting for Trump to be done with his turn.
They want to overthrow and manipulate the election for 2028.
I see JD Vance prominent.
JD Vance is big and prominent.
I can't say that—I'm going to say it.
But an uncovering of a scandal would try to keep him at bay.
I hear words and I say, "Oh my goodness, should I say that?
" But I saw him, and they're going to try to bring some stuff out right here to keep him out.
But that's the choice that they want for the Republican nation.
I see him very bold, and there's a carving inside like this.
Are you listening?
It's a carving out, like when you see a pocket.
There's a scandal, and it's full of infection, an abscess in his side.
And if you take it and you slice it with one of those scalpels and you reveal what's inside, all the infection tries to ooze out on the nation.
So pray for this, for this is the pick, and it's infection.
Everything looks really healthy other than this side.
It's down, and it looks like an infection pocket.
I see the word in that infection pocket; I see the word 'scandal.
' You'll remember that, won't you?
It's very big.
It says Watergate.
It's like a scandal, an issue.
In 2026, they'll say, 'Impeach, impeach, impeach,' but they won't have the votes to do it.
They'll have things they'll try to bring out.
In 2026, I hear the word 'impeach'—impeach the Democrats—but they won't have the votes.
That's just them.
It's what they'll be saying on TV, trying to throw things up to try to derail the midterms.
There is some credible evidence here.
We have all this in evidence.
You must pray for 2026.
I'm looking into 2026.
Turbulence.
Listen to me.
I see it this way: Remember, you have the coin.
You can either focus on the dark or you can focus on the light.
Your choice.
The blessing is there.
You can ride the wave and listen to what He's saying, but the turbulence is still there.
Many 9/11s, a shaking of things to try to derail things.
Black swan events.
I hear that: black swan events, paid demonstrators.
But when it comes to the budget in January, I see him fixing this soon.
It's quick.
We must pray for the tariffs and our judges.
This is done.
It's not been announced yet, but it's done.
It's already decided upon.
They already know which way they're going to go.
Amy Coney.
Pray for this woman.
Caiaphas was the priest that was involved in the trial.
Concerning her decisions is what the Spirit of the Lord said.
Hear me.
I'm seeing her.
She's a very angry woman, revengeful.
A vengeful prosecution at the house.
Great bitterness.
Things you know not of.
So go back to JD Vance.
The Lord said, 'Don't keep pushing that on life.
' We pray for our leaders each day.
A covering over JD Vance, a covering over his side.
We cover him in the name of Jesus.
There are certain things when you're dealing with people's pasts.
Everybody has one; everybody has dirty laundry.
The more you become in the limelight with these leaders, the more the enemy would try to take because he doesn't want strong leaders over America.
I'm sure Ron DeSantis has a past.
Anybody that has high positions of authority usually has some kind of past; they got there somehow.
Just like I was talking about the lady in Mexico; I saw her in offices, and how people say you got this way by going to the top.
I'll be tactful.
You got this way by going to the top.
This is the way concerning this woman.
This is darkness.
Everybody has a past in these big places.
How did you get there without Jesus?
There's a price to pay a lot of times with the devil, but I'm seeing by the Spirit of God, if you don't get there by the Holy Ghost, there's a 99% chance there's sin involved.
I have seen some stuff tonight.
I'm navigating through it.
It's a great responsibility.
But I see 2028, and JD Vance is standing there.
I hear Watergate-like scandal, and then you see Iran and the Secretary of State.
I see another Trump, Don Jr.
, throwing his name around.
Marco Rubio and an African-American man, a heavy man.
I see a heavy-cheeked Black man, big and chubby.
But that's not what you should be focused on.
It's who the devil has groomed.
I see a grooming of another person in the Democratic party, hand-selected, that will speak like Obama.
This one is being groomed to come out soon.
See all the confusion in their party right now?
It's because they've turned themselves over to a reprobate mind, and seedtime and harvest is accelerating all the time, from George helping fund it.
The darkness around these men funding this—they're in Satan's camp.
He has the money and is funding it.
But there's so much confusion, strife, and discord because he's at that table.
Remember I saw the devil and those principalities?
He was hitting it with his stick and saying, 'This is the plan,' and there was confusion in the camp of the enemy.
But the Lord said, 'Whatever plan he has, I already knew his plan.
' The devil can't see the future, but the Lord can.
So He already knows what he's going to do before he does it.
We serve such a mighty God who's already got the victory, who already knows the outcome.
We serve a mighty God and we're just the little boy or the little girl that has their hand on the Daddy's fishing pole, and Dad is helping us reel in that big fish.
The kid's so excited, and the Dad has his hand on there saying, 'You're doing it, son.
' He has that big hand on top of his hand, reeling it in the whole time.
Stay attached to the vine.
We are the vine, He is the branch.
Stay attached.
He's such a good father.
Co-laborers with Christ.
Hallelujah.
How long are we going?
Almost two hours already.
Not a mistake.
Praise the Lord.
Lord, do you have anything else you want to show us tonight?
We pray over our people and our nation.
We thank you for divine protection over President Trump.
You must pray over him.
You must cover him in prayer concerning his food and concerning attempts on this man all the way through the first of the year.
I saw clear up into July.
2026.
I saw turbulence.
And I saw the blessing, and I keep seeing turbulence.
In acceleration, I saw the church and a cleansing of the house and great acceleration of things going into 2026.
I saw prosperity in 2027.
I saw blessing on the first half of 2027 to try to derail for 2028, riding the wave of the glory of the outpouring with wars.
You can either focus on the dark or focus on the light.
The glorious church is going to rise, but you're going to see darkness get darker and light get lighter.
There's a two-sided coin.
Things are going to look like all hell's breaking loose, and you're going to see the glorious church rising.
You say, 'How can you have both?
' You will.
And it will be very, very bad, but it's going to be very, very good.
How do you have both?
That's just the times we're living in.
Watch Israel in the days ahead.
Watch these things.
Watch our nation.
Many 9/11s, I'm telling you, shaking over the next 90 days: November, December, and January.
Praying into these months, going into the first of the year.
Black Friday shoppers, praying over them.
The wolf attack that almost happened in Michigan; there's more of them.
Pray they'll squeal and that they'll expose whatever else they know.
We need them to talk.
There's more people in our nation, a lot more—over a thousand that I saw, 100 in each state, 100 in each of these cities.
And I saw all these men.
So I guess that's good enough.
If you want to pray more, we can pray more, but I feel the anointing lifting, so I stopped.
When I feel it come on me and then it lifts off, I stop.
I say, 'Okay, did you have more today, Lord?
' You can push a little bit more.
Remember the babies are coming.
Remember the babies and be patient with my babies.
Thank you for exposing every dark plan concerning Thanksgiving, the Rockefeller tree's lighting, the Black Friday shoppers, and the parade.
Exposing the darkness concerning the parade and concerning people driving their cars, semitrucks, not just explosives, but people driving into crowds, driving into holiday shoppers, Christmas shoppers, using their car on the strip of Las Vegas.
Be attentive; when people are drunk or whatever, they're not paying attention to watching over people driving into people, using their car as a weapon on Rodeo Drive.
Remember I saw a plan around Salt Lake City.
The Mormons?
What?
Remember the seven deadly sins?
Greed that was focused upon Black Friday.
Greed.
And it was concerning Black Friday.
Don't forget about the Olympics.
See, all these things we keep talking about, but I can remind you for the opening ceremony: a summoning of darkness, a summoning of witchcraft, a summoning of evil in the opening ceremony, a summoning of the Antichrist upon Europe.
But the virus is not yet.
Most people say, 'Well, it's coming soon.
' No, it's not yet.
Father, we give you praise and glory.
Father, we pray against that darkness over New York that I see.
I see that it's like a quilt of darkness.
I wonder if you can feel it if you live there.
For when the righteous rule, the people rejoice, and when the wicked rule, the people mourn.
There are shouts of joy.
Remember that Ron Kenoly song, 'Shouts of Joy'?
When the righteous prosper, there are shouts of joy.
Your hand will be lifted up and triumph over your enemies, and all of your foes will be destroyed.
Shouts of joy.
Thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer.
But I have to ask you: do you know my friend?
I say all this stuff to tell you none of this matters if you don't know Him.
If Jesus Christ does not know you as your Lord and personal Savior?
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
I've told you a lot of things that I'm praying about: the nations, a turning over in Venezuela like Iraq, corruption in a lot of governments.
But none of that matters if you die today.
Where will you spend eternity?
That's what matters.
Nothing else matters.
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Where will you spend eternity?
If you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
I want you to really search your heart right now.
The Bible says it's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
No one is promised tomorrow.
No one.
I want you to search your heart right now.
Does Jesus know you?
Well, I've heard a lot about Him, Brandon.
My grandma taught me, my parents...
but I've been in and out of church my whole life.
But does Jesus know you?
For wide is the gate that leads to destruction, and narrow is the way to the Lord.
Narrow is the way and few are those who find it.
Very few.
Not very many.
That means you might be one of them that doesn't find it.
Do you know Him?
Few are those that find it.
The Lord says narrow is the way, but broad is the way to destruction.
Sin is fine for a season, but I'm telling you, there's coming a day when the door is closing and you won't have an opportunity to accept Jesus Christ anymore.
Tonight is the night of salvation.
Tonight is the night of repentance.
You must know that He's coming.
You must know that Jesus Christ is coming and the door is closing.
The Bible says, 'As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
' I'm telling you, the ark door is closing to this dispensation of grace.
The door is closing.
We're about to step over into the tribulation.
But I don't believe that the church goes through the tribulation.
I believe that God is not a wife-beater.
We're His church, His bride.
I believe that we're by His side.
He comes back for us in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye.
We'll all be caught up.
I believe that we're the church and we're the last generation.
We're the generation that will not taste death.
But I need you right now to make a decision.
Either way, you're going to make a decision.
Either you choose Jesus or you choose the world.
I want you to choose Jesus today.
But I can't force you; unless a man or a woman is born again, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
There's only one way to the Father, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
So I want you tonight to make a decision.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I need you to be public about your decision tonight.
I want you to put in the comment section right now: 'I want to be saved.
I need Jesus.
I was a sinner, Brandon, and I want to be saved.
' I don't want to sin.
I want to be with Him.
Or you could be one of the ones who says, 'I used to be on fire for the Lord, but I turned my back on Him.
' He never turned His back on me, but I turned my back on Him.
I went back to the vomit that I used to be a part of.
I was saved for a season and I turned my back on the Father and I went back to what I used to be into.
But tonight, I want to rededicate my heart to Him.
I want to rededicate my life to Jesus.
I want to come back to Him and I want to sell out to Him.
I want to be all-in again.
I'll give you a little bit of time to make your decision, but you're running out of time.
As you think about it, Jesus paid the price for you.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over sin, walk in victory over sickness and disease, and poverty and lack.
Jesus paid the price for you and He loves you so much.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
You may be in the darkest valley of your life and you're looking and saying, 'I don't know how I'm going to get out of this.
' Give Jesus a try.
Turn your heart over to Him right now and look what He'll do for you.
Watch what He'll do for you.
I want you to say this simple prayer after me.
It's not a hard prayer; a five-year-old could say it and mean it.
He said, 'Come to Him as little children.
' Not as adults—we're as children.
So I want you to say this simple little prayer and mean it with your whole heart.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner and I need a Savior.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And I serve You from this day forward.
I dedicate my heart to You.
I dedicate my life to You and I ask You to help me.
I can't do this on my own and I know You don't expect me to.
Jesus, I make You my best friend.
I make You my ever-present help in a time of need.
You're everything I need.
Thank You, Lord, that You've forgiven me.
Thank You that You've written my name in that Lamb's Book of Life.
Thank You, Lord, that You're giving me a fresh, clean start.
As far as the east is from the west, Lord, You said You've taken my sins from me.
They're cast in the sea of forgetfulness.
You'll never remember them ever again.
They're all washed in the blood.
And when I fall, I don't run from God when I sin; I run to God.
And from this day forward, my sin is none of the devil's business.
Father, I commit my heart to You.
Thank You, Father.
I'm saved.
Amen and amen.
' I believe if you just said that prayer, as simple as it was, you're a born-again Christian.
Behold, I make all things new.
You're a joint-heir with Jesus Christ.
You're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
And He will help you.
He will help you with what you've been messing with.
He'll help you.
You turn it over to God.
I must choose to follow Jesus.
I get to choose.
I don't have to; I get to.
It's an honor to follow Jesus.
It's an honor to make Him my Lord and personal Savior.
Well, what do you do now?
Well, if Diana and I—what we would do—we'd go to a non-denominational church.
People get upset about that, but that's where we would go.
It's just my personal preference.
Non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
Tell that pastor, 'I just got born again watching a YouTube broadcast and I need to be water-baptized.
' Get water-baptized.
Get plugged into that church.
Usher, volunteer, go to classes—do whatever you've got to do to get plugged in there and keep that flame fanned inside of you.
Read your Bible every single day.
Pray with us.
Come here and pray, and that's basically the Christian life.
You just keep going.
Witness and tell people about what you did today.
Tell people, 'I got born again and Jesus is the most wonderful thing ever.
' Now, if you can't afford a Bible, Diana and I want to celebrate your decision tonight by buying you your first Bible.
We're a little behind on some of them because there's a lot of you getting saved, but we want to tell you, we're excited about your decision and we want to give you your first Bible.
Tell them how to get that Bible, baby.
If you look in the description of the video, you'll find our email address.
And if you just put in the title, 'I need a Bible,' and then put your name and address in the body of the email, we will get one to you.
That's right.
And we just want to celebrate your decision tonight.
So exciting.
The angels in heaven are rejoicing.
The great cloud of witnesses, they're rejoicing.
Sixty-two of you gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
Sixty-two is what Braden's telling me as of right now and it keeps growing.
So sixty-two people gave their heart to Jesus Christ and we want to say, 'Welcome to the family.
' Welcome to the family of God.
All sixty-two of you—last time was over almost a hundred and some, and tonight sixty-two so far.
So we give all glory to Jesus and say He's changing us from glory to glory.
He's changing us.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing; He's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
From glory to glory, He's changing you.
His likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God shown to the world.
Thank You, Father.
I have a little drainage again tonight.
I'm taking my stuff.
I go, 'Boy, the enemy doesn't like me singing that.
' He tries to attack me.
I say, 'But he's a loser.
' And I don't care what y'all say; you shouldn't call Satan a loser.
He's a big loser.
So, I'm going to say it again.
The devil is a loser.
He's not a winner.
The Bible says that the Lord triumphed over him in it.
He made a display of him openly.
He took his thumbs off.
Do you understand?
He has no backbone.
He's a loser.
Satan is a liar and he's been defeated.
And we overcome him by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
And we are more than conquerors through Him who is in us.
We're more than conquerors.
That means we're more than a conqueror.
A conqueror is a conqueror, but we're more than a conqueror.
Jesus paid the price for You to walk in victory.
Ladies and gentlemen, you don't have to be afraid of the devil.
Jesus said—the Word of God says in Ephesians—that we are seated with Him in the heavenlies.
We're seated with Him.
When Christ sat down, we sat down with Him, making a display of him.
When Christ sat down, we sat down with Him.
As He is, so are we in this world.
You either believe it or you don't.
I want to be a believing believer, not a doubter, when Christ paid the price for all of us to walk in victory over the devil.
So, who is a loser here?
The devil.
That's why I say it.
People say, 'Well, you shouldn't call the devil a loser.
You should be afraid of that.
' Are you kidding me?
When Christ sat down, we sat down with Him.
He triumphed over him.
Well, that's a scripture; it's what the Bible says.
We can show you in the Word.
I believe it.
I'm a believer and not a doubter.
I'm an overcomer.
We have to believe what the Word of God says—not saying that the enemy comes like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, but he is toothless to the believing believer.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
That's a victory.
I've got the victory either on this side or the other side.
I am victorious no matter what I do.
As long as I'm seeking Him, I am victorious.
In this body or out of the body, I'm victorious.
We don't lose.
We are the winners.
Who's a loser here?
The one that's going to burn in hell for eternity.
He's a loser.
And a believing believer goes to heaven forever, where he was and got kicked out of and was shot down like a bolt of lightning because he betrayed our Father.
Anybody who believed they could overthrow God is a real idiot.
I've seen him and he scares me spitless because of the fear of the Lord.
He is God and He is mighty.
And anything, any creature, anything that was created that thinks they can overpower our Father is a real—it's just real.
Now, do you know he's smart?
And yeah, he's studied humanity for how many thousands of years now?
So, he knows how to conquer and do things.
But I'm going to tell you, if you stay under the Word, we are on the victory side.
You be on the victory side of things.
And if you take your communion, you understand who you are and you read books like Sister Billye's on the authority of the believer—this one has communion on it—and you meditate on who you are in Christ, you live on the victory side of things.
Not saying he doesn't try to come and test it, but you've got to know who you are when he does.
What was the main thing the Lord said tonight?
'You must understand for what's coming: Psalms 91 and Psalms 23, or you're not going to make it.
' That's what He said.
He said it again tonight, didn't He?
In prayer.
You're not going to make it for the days ahead if you don't have a foundation of the Word of God.
You must know who you are.
So, all glory to Jesus for all 62 people.
We know that he's coming soon.
And it's time for you to get your heart right.
It's time, church, to wake up and be busy about our father's business.
So, all glory to Jesus.
Could you do us a favor before we close here?
I know it's two hours and 10 minutes.
We've kept you a long time and I don't want you to become weary.
We'll make little segments for you to respect your time out of this.
Hey, is that the man there?
Asking?
Yeah, that's the man.
He has chubby cheeks.
He has thick cheeks.
Brian Donald.
Yep, that's the man.
They'll try to push him to be a forerunner to be a president.
Yep.
That's him.
He's African-American with chubby cheeks.
I don't mean disrespect toward the man, but do you see what I'm talking about?
His cheeks are big.
Yeah.
He has a great smile.
He's happy.
I know the way I describe people and things is just kind of simple.
I think simple, but it's just the way it is, you know?
I'm not like everybody else, but that's what he looked like to me.
His face is happy.
He has big cheeks, but that's the man I saw.
They'll push him in the days ahead.
They'll want to his there's like he'll try to come on the scene and say, "I'm running.
" And things will happen is what I saw with that man.
He'll want to see if he has support.
I don't know if he's good or bad or what, but I saw him.
He might be a good believer and I'd support him for what I saw about the poison in the sight.
I can't get into any of that, but I'm telling you a scandal, and he might be the better bet here because I don't see no scandal.
And so we pray for JD Vance.
That's Gaddafi.
You see him?
He was taken out.
And Gaddafi, Saddam Hussein, and the man in Brazil, their faces all came before me tonight.
They want to get rid of that man with the slick hair and they want to bring him in.
But what will they do when this happens?
What kind of government?
A proxy government puppet similar to what they want to do with Zelensky with the elderly man that has gray hair.
And I saw them and Zelensky goes bye-bye.
And I saw a puppet government come in this pro-Russia, trying to deescalate the war.
And I saw a plan, but not knowing if that plan will take place.
But I saw chatter for a proxy government.
Do they have more questions?
You can see all of it.
If not, then I'll go eat my turkey sandwich.
I'm trying not to be fussy about it.
But I got to get off 100 pounds.
Can you believe that?
Again, I just go, "Oh, God, help me during the season.
" But you know what's interesting is that everybody has the things that they overcome and food has been a problem for me in the natural.
I like my sweets.
I like my stuff.
But it's what the Lord requires.
Everybody got something.
Thank God.
Some people got alcohol they're overcoming.
Some people are overcoming porn.
Some people are overcoming cigarettes.
Some people are overcoming whatever.
But Brandon likes chocolate.
And it's like the thing in the body of Christ.
People don't look at it and go, "Well, it's a scandal.
" You know, he likes his ice cream, boy.
He likes to go to Baskin Robbins and have an ice cream sundae.
It's a scandal.
I'm obese.
I like my stuff.
It's genetics.
Goes for my mother and her father.
And we all like ice cream.
You know, it's like it's not good.
But you know what?
I'm an overcomer.
And I call those things that be not as though they were.
And the Lord keeps giving me dream after dream after dream telling me about my walking and eating.
And he said, I said, "Okay, Father.
Okay, I get it.
I get it.
I understand.
I drink the green stuff.
" You look at this.
Who says that looks appetizing?
Can you even see that?
It looks like baby.
I told Paisley, "You got to drink your baby poop.
" It's like, does that even look appetizing to you?
Can you even see that?
Yeah.
That is nasty.
It's green, so it's a little bit transparent.
Okay.
Well, it probably looks green because it has a forest in it.
So, I'm trying to tell y'all you God help anybody.
We have to drink that.
It makes you feel good.
For somebody who don't overcome weight issues, I try to I said, "God, lay hands on me and give me an anointing.
Father, just like I say, lay hands on me to be like I fall out in the Holy Ghost.
Touch me.
" And I because he gives me that anointing.
I need help.
She has self-discipline.
It's like chalky, nasty.
That's supposed to.
I like to have a chocolate shake from Baskin Robbins.
Give me that.
It's a lot better, especially after church on Wednesday nights.
God bless it.
But the Lord said this time, he said, "Brandon, this is not a race.
It's a marathon.
This is what I want you to do for the rest of your life.
" And I said, "Oh, wonderful.
I'm so excited, Father.
Woohoo.
I want you to exercise for the rest of your life.
I'm so excited.
" It's like, "No, whatever.
" No.
I'm so excited.
Just rejoicing.
So funny.
Remember that little girl with their mama said, "How does it taste?
" She goes, "It's okay.
It's good.
" So good.
She was gagging.
Yeah.
So good.
And to all you that ask the stuff that you see, have you told anybody in authority?
Yes.
I had a long conversation with somebody today.
That's all I can say.
So know that it's been relayed to somebody important.
And everything that I've been told and I see, even things I can't share on here, have all been uploaded to the people in authority today.
So that's all I can say.
But I'm so thankful for the people that God has put in my life that have authority.
Yes.
So we're up to date.
It was a long conversation over an hour, but very thankful for them.
And so everybody knows everything they need to know.
And I was told I've been being watched by people that are really cool.
I'm very thankful for the people that are watching.
Is that the little girl?
Play her.
Play that little girl.
I love this little girl.
Her mom made spaghetti.
I think it's the back story of it and she made it and she didn't like it.
She understands it all.
How is it?
Good.
It looks like you're enjoying yourself.
Oh, yeah.
That looks like you're enjoying.
You okay?
Are you enjoying?
I'm okay.
Okay.
That's what I did right there.
I'm okay.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us tonight.
Did they have any questions?
That's it.
We gave an altar call.
We prayed over all these things.
There's a lot of things there and so we have to pray for the infection for him.
I mean what I saw is very serious.
So God bless it.
Remember put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you and we'll see you again soon.
God bless y'all.